open the IL Tech Care application of ICICI LBD.
Friends, you are seeing this kind
of interface right in front of you.  I will show
you practically how everything related to insurance gets approved.
Whatever your
dashboard looks like here.  If it is expired, it will
expire within 21 days.   The
issue amount here is up to Rs 3 lakh.  Ok
?  Here you can see that it is Manage Claimed.
Whatever the company is, whatever it is,
everything will be visible.  There is an ongoing claim right now.  Who is
looking inside the claim, friends, you are seeing that it was done on
10.0226.  Meaning, this is
reimbursement, my friends.  Another one
remains cashless.  The second is reimbursement.  Ok?  Which were
completed.  You can see the tree here.  Right now
these are ongoing.
I will tell you everything about how and what in practical
videos.  So watch the entire
video carefully.  Ok?  So I will
tell you everything.  There is a managed claim and it has to
go into it.  You can see how it
is and you can also see the policy details,
everything is fine, the
application of ICICI Lombard which you are seeing in it,
friends, what is visible right now in Ongoing is
Claim Submit Claim Registration
Under Process Approved Paid, in this way
you will see different processes, you
can track whatever claim you have made,
whatever document you have uploaded,
you will see everything here and the
completed claim is approved,
here you will get to see all the things of IL taker ICICI Lombard
's application for health insurance,
here you will get to see all those things.
You will get everything practically
in this video and
by asking Riya you can get support from those people.
Otherwise, you can
also call their toll free number of ICICI
and ask whether it is for car, bike or
whatever, they have travelling insurance for everything,
these people have categories for everything.
In that, if you want to see basic details or whatever,
you will get to see everything here.  Ok?  So the video is a
little up to date so it will take some time.
So look carefully at what to do.
Whatever policy details you have here,
whatever amount is mine, the company is giving it to me.
So the approximate amount is Rs 3 lakh.
Ok?  So friend, first of all you have to
come to Play Store.  Have to write on Google.
Otherwise you have to write on Play Store, I will take
care insurance, which means this is generally
health insurance.  ICIC belongs to LB.
Ok?  In this way you will see the interface
because friends, you can generally do it on Play Store
in any device, be it an Apple device.
Ok?
Meaning, it is
necessary for me to get my insurance done, friends.
You can get it done for the Prime Minister,
friends, those who have not got it done,
because it is the government, it gives Rs 10 lakh.
Okay and friends, you have to
come here on Google Play and here you are seeing
friends that by doing IL Take Care
Insurance, you are getting to
see everything updated here and whatever is there
here, I Will Take, now let us come to update, first of all
we come to Gate Starter here,
click on Gate Starter, first of all you have to
click on your mobile number registration,
OTP will be sent, OTP will be sent, friends here you are
seeing it will be 18383,
first of all enter your name in it,
whatever is the name here, I will enter the name details,
Dinesh Prasad is like this.  Ok?   I will
put such details.  Then later you have to
select whatever berth you have.
So that it becomes easy for you and your email ID
is registered, you also have to provide its details.
Ok?  And everything else, later while
using the app, it will appear here or whatever is
normal, your details will be
shown here like this.  Then later, if
you want to start physical activities, you can start them
too.  That's when I generally delay.
Friends,
I had already told you in the video earlier how to get your ICICI approved, you
can also see those steps.  Okay, here
I will delay you friends.  Here
is my profile.  You see here,
Dinesh has come saying hello.  Here people from
different sectors like health vehicles, travels etc. live.
Ok?
Coming inside the home here.  It is visible
and then later there is policy, benefits,
buy, help.  In this way there are different
categories of those people.  Ok?  Add
policy number.  Then later, there is travel
, there is home, you will get
to see it separately like this.  Ok?  So friends, the main
ones are ICICI, Lambar, or whatever else,
HDFC or Voter, it is different for each one.
But I have deleted everything.
Ok?  Thank you for adding
your policy details here.  So I added my policy
because this is the company's policy, the
policy has been given to me by these companies, it is of
ICICI or Laborde, so
I have added the company details, it is
visible in front of you here, okay
and here it is ongoing and my
name is also here, already I have said that generally friends,
you have to try it, you have to choose the cashless one,
okay, I will have to update the upload discharge summary
and then later
generally friends,
that is my suggestion to you, that you should try cashless.
Try re-basement only if nothing remains.  Ok?  So are you claiming
hospital or whatever it is, if you want to make hospital
claim with other insurance then you can
do that also.  Ok?  Here
you can see everything in detail, pre-post hospitalization.  What is it like,
you are seeing it here and
whatever the amount is, you will get
to see all that here.  Whatever documents you want to upload,
you will have to upload them here.
Ok?  Here, hospitalization and then
going and then later have been completed,
everything will be seen practically here.
Still, if you face any problem,
here is the toll free number for those people.
Otherwise you can also call and talk on WhatsApp.
WhatsApp means chat system.
Otherwise, if they have a toll free number,
you can still talk to them.  Main
friends, this is the thing about insurance that you have
two types of insurance – cashless and reimbursement.
Ok?
And here is my ongoing claim.  You see
friends, it is 231.225.  It has just been
completed.  Whatever I
told you in the beginning was done just now on the 10th.
is of 2026.  Meaning it is the latest starting point.
Ok?
And here you friends are seeing that
inside the query, friends, when I did it, many times
inside the query it remains like this that
whatever document you have, I have
not uploaded it properly, so it remains a query for you again, then
you will have to verify it again and
upload it.  Ok?  So
all those queries are there here, so now they have been
approved.  Ok?  If it is approved then at
that time the amount you have will be
added to you.  Ok?
What you see here is a 12% discount on
whatever the final bill is.  View
claim settlement is all that is
of claim settlement letter.  It will look like this and the
save date draft will also be added.
Otherwise the amount is currently Rs 44,200.
Then later the final
amount will be Rs 66,200.  Then later, such Labard also
receives messages from those people in the chat support inside WhatsApp.  Here you are seeing
friends, what all things are like,
you are getting to see them practically here.
Ok?  And here friends, the claim and
ongoing claim will be submitted.
After that the claim will be registered.  Then later it will
go into under process.  Then it will be
approved later.  After that all your things will be
completely claimed.  It will remain like this.   It is taking
some time duration.  It has been approved.
Friends, I am showing you everything here step by step.
Ok?  And friends, the main thing is
that there is an ongoing claim here which has been approved.
Claim registration has been done.
After that, generally friends, I had told you earlier also
in the video that whatever
insurance you take or whatever you do,
first of all you will do the reinvestment, it takes a lot of
time.
Meaning, you say this as soon as it takes minimum 14 to 15 days,
but it can happen
even before that.  So at least you have to think before
moving ahead.  Friends, in rebasement it takes some time for you to get settled within 14 to 15 days.
Depends upon the company, it
also depends on it.  Ok?  So first of all, give
priority to the cashless facility.
Ok?  So here you see it has been
approved.  The claim has been approved.
Then whatever amount you have will be
paid directly to the hospital.
Ok?  Whatever your company
is here, you can see here that IPD sum
insurance is 66200 amount is within 3 lakhs,
so all the things are there, by insurance,
car, bike, health, travel in home will be separately like this,
then later it is inside the quick section,
then there is member detail, there is e-
card, here you are also seeing friends that the
policy will end on 103 2026 and the
service category is cashless and there is rescission
and the topic terms of the policy,
you will get to see everything here very well.  Ok
?  Then later if you want to make a claim then you have to
go to registration claim.  Then later if you want to
track it here then you can track it also.  If there
is a claim here, then you want to
check the view document, you can do that also.
You will get to see the details separately here.
Then whatever PDF document is there in Open With,
you will see it here.
Whatever is the amount of ICICI Lo LBA,
all the details will be available here
and whether it is a claim, an ongoing save draft or other complete
claim, all those things will be
visible here whether it is approved or not, the amount is 23125
66200, that
means it is of ₹66200, okay,
you can check it by going to the help section here, by
asking, I
told you again friends, I mean even then you are not able to find out, then you can
call from the toll free number and ask that this is
happening, this is the kind of
problem, whatever doubt you have,
you can also ask by contacting directly,
okay, here you are seeing that
I have got IBD sum insured of 3 lakhs,
right now the used amount is 66200, ₹33800 is
left, okay, so it means generally it
depends on the company, it gives you a combo,
generally any
employee, whatever work he does in the companies  So, it
means that those people take combo
insurance generally which is cheaper for them.
Ok?  You can see here that the claim
submissions are separated like this.  It has been approved
and is ongoing separately.  This
is a complete claim.  Different 27 then later
101. 2022 this is how you are looking at it.
I had just made a new claim.
You will get to see everything here
and you can also do trekking by watching here.  There is
help here, you
can take it there also.  There are different types
of categories here, whether it is emergency
service or health, whether you want to make
any purchase, be it car insurance,
bike insurance, retail insurance or
travel insurance, there are
different types of services.  You
can also ask by entering your details here.  Whatever it is, it
is simple like this, it still means it remains
ongoing but it takes some time
friends, so I also have to keep this thing in mind,
so you have to
click on the registration claim and enter all your details there, so
I had made a separate video on how to make a claim,
you can check that in detail and see,
okay, in the same way you can make such a Lumberyard
because friends, I have personal
experience that the working of such a Lumberguard
means the working service is
quite good, that claim is I had made a
registration claim of 10126, here
you can see that it has been approved and has
also been paid, view claim settlement letter
view upload document, whatever it is, everything will be
paid by tracking here, okay, so it is
very simple like this, so the claim
process and everything becomes easy here
and ongoing completed task or whatever it
is, all the things will be done easily in this way.
So it's
simple like this.
Friends, in this way, inside Lambard, whether it is cashless or
re-investment, you can use that service
and whatever you need to do, you can get it done easily,
friends, it is
good for your health.  Ok?
Rest of the friends, there is only one ICICI, whether it is of the
government or whatever, they give it for free
but in some places there are terms and
conditions in it too, friends, some will work in some and some will not,
this one is tricky,
meaning some will work, some will not, so at least some is
fine, so that means, from wherever you get the
benefit or benefit, it is necessary to get all those things done,
whether you get it done from private or
government, it is good, it is necessary
because if it is necessary for your benefit then you should get it done.
Ok?  I hope
friends, I hope you got a lot of helpful information through this video.  If you
liked the video, please like, share and
subscribe.  I am Dinesh.
See you in the next video.  Thank
you friends.  Jai Hind.